# Compact Disc Database

The purpose of this database is for audiophiles to track their Compact Discs (CDs), and the files they rip from them, in their music collection. The goal is to enable the users to query their collection with a diverse set of parameters; for example, a user may want to know which CDs have not yet been ripped to a digital file, or view a subset of their collection filtered by a particular producer or audio fidelity threshold.

 The logic for this database is as follows. When a user obtains a CD it is given a unique identifier, and its title, release year, and physical location are inserted into the CD table. The name of the CD’s artist and their country of origin are inserted into the Artist table. The CD’s unique identifier is tied to the artist name by inserting the pair of these values into a lookup table for mapping CDs to the artists who made them. The personnel who produced that CD are bound to the CD in the same way, by inserting peoples’ names and the CD’s unique identifier into a lookup table for mapping CDs to personnel. Each track on the CD is bound to that CD by inserting the CDs unique identifier, along with the track’s title and length into the Track table. If the user has ripped any files from that CD, then the file is bound to the CD by the CD’s unique identifier, then the file’s MD5 hash, file format, size and path, the title of the ripped track, and a flag to state whether the file is lossy or lossless, are inserted into the File table.
